Hey guys! John Thompson Spring Framework
Guru here. So We got an exciting section
that's like one of the first sections of
the course and we are going to get our
hands dirty building a Spring Framework
application. Right out of the gate, we are
going to build a simple web application.
Now I'm gonna warn you right now we are
going to move a little fast through this.
I'm kind of like the type of guy that
likes to get our hands dirty. This
is gonna be like a 'Hello World' on
steroids, so to speak, because we are
going to go in and we're going to use
Spring Initializer, which is going to
download a ready-made Spring Boot
application and then I'm going to show
you how to configure that and we're
actually going to be talking to an
in-memory database. Using Thymeleaf, I'm going to
show you a lot of best practices. Now I
am going to move fast through this. You
are gonna have a lot of questions. I'm
going to show you kind of like a
template that you're gonna see again and
again in this course of how we structure
a Spring project, some common annotations.
I'm not going to go into a lot of depth
at this point in time.
The way I build my course is we kind of
lay down a foundation and I'm gonna
throw a lot of information at you in
this section. We are gonna get a good
baseline foundation. You're gonna see a
lot of stuff in this section of the
course. But don't worry, we are gonna move
forward fast. You are going to go through
it. You're gonna get a Spring Web
application up and running on your
machine in just a few short lessons, so I
think it's a great hands-on section of
the course. Get your feet wet with Spring
Framework. Now like I said,  I do
build my courses, like I lay down a
foundation then we'll go a little bit
deeper and a little bit deeper and a
little bit deeper. We will definitely be
progressing into this, so I know we I do
move fast in this section. Don't get
frustrated because as you progress
through the course,
a lot of the concepts that I breeze over
here, we are gonna take deep dives on.
There's just too much ground to
cover to deep dive in each one because
that's what the whole course is on. A
second part of this course, a section of
this course, there's new content. I'm
adding and there is a reference
application that Spring creates called
Spring Pet Clinic. A very classic
application. I think the JEE guys maybe
probably J2EE if you wanna go back
a decade or so. I think those guys
actually started. The pet clinic spring
guys adapted it to show best practices.
It's been widely used. I am going to take
that so we're gonna start building two
tracks in this course as we go through
it. One is going to be the traditional. I
show you, do assignments, and then Spring
Pet Clinic is we are going to build the
pet clinic application from ground zero
all the way through. We're going to have
sections on it in each part of the
course. I'll have a little bit of pet
clinic, so we'll like do the learning
part and then we'll go into the pet
clinic and pick up on this application.
We're going to see me doing realistic
stuff building the pet clinic
application. It's a lot of hands-on
coding. Some people like to see step by
step by step. If you like that, pet clinic
is definitely for you, so a lot of
hands-on, a lot of best practices, and you
get to see real world best practices
using the Spring Framework. So a lot of
cool content in this section. I'm excited
to show it to you. Welcome to the course
and you're gonna get to build a web
application really quick and get that up
and running and we are going to lay the
initial foundation for our Spring Framework
Guru Pet Clinic App and you're gonna
see that a lot throughout this course.